[DOC] Updates for caching doc and linting fixes (#3693)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/setup/upgrade.md

### Remove support for Search on v2 blocks

> Users can no longer search blocks in v2 format. Only vParquet and vParquet2 formats support search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can no longer search blocks in v2 format. Only the Parquet formats support search.
```
